---
title: "Dynamic Private Task Assignment under Differential Privacy"
collection: publications
category: conferences
permalink: /publication/2023-04-03-DTADP
excerpt: 'This paper is about the number 2. The number 3 is left for future work.'
date: 2023-04-03
venue: 'International Conference on Data Engineering'
venueshort: 'ICDE'
venuerank: 'CCF A'
slidesurl: 'http://leileidu.github.io/files/slides2.pdf'
paperurl: 'http://leileidu.github.io/files/pub/2023-ICDE-DTADP/2023-ICDE-DTADP.pdf'
citation: 'Du L, Cheng P, Zheng L, et al. Dynamic private task assignment under differential privacy[C]//2023 IEEE 39th International Conference on Data Engineering (ICDE). IEEE, 2023: 2740-2752.'
author: 
  - 'Leilei Du'
  - 'Peng Cheng'
  - 'Libin Zheng'
  - 'Wei Xi'
  - 'Xuemin Lin'
  - 'Wenjie Zhang'
  - 'Jing Fang'
empauthor: 'Leilei Du'
correspondingauthor: 
  - 'Peng Cheng'
---

Data collection is indispensable for spatial crowd-sourcing services, such as resource allocation, policymaking, and scientific explorations. However, privacy issues make it challenging for users to share their information unless receiving sufficient compensation. Differential Privacy (DP) is a promising mechanism to release helpful information while protecting individuals’ privacy. However, most DP mechanisms only consider a fixed compensation for each user’s privacy loss. In this paper, we design a task assignment scheme that allows workers to dynamically improve their utility with dynamic distance privacy leakage. Specifically, we propose two solutions to improve the total utility of task assignment results, namely Private Utility Conflict-Elimination (PUCE) approach and Private Game Theory (PGT) approach, respectively. We prove that PUCE achieves higher utility than the state-of-the-art works. We demonstrate the efficiency and effectiveness of our PUCE and PGT approaches on both real and synthetic data sets compared with the recent distance-based approach, Private Distance Conflict-Elimination (PDCE). PUCE is always better than PDCE slightly. PGT is 50% to 63% faster than PDCE and can improve 16% utility on average when worker range is large enough.
